

We will meet before 6pm.

Please keep preparing.

 

React team is excused.

 

From: Hameed Hanif [mailto:hameed.hanif@object-frontier.com]
Sent: Monday, April 01, 2019 3:30 PM
To: Arvindhakrishna Krishnasamy <arvindhakrishna.k@object-frontier.com>; Karthik Narayanasamy <karthik.n@object-frontier.com>; Narayanan Mani <narayanan.mani@object-frontier.com>; Gunasekaran Karikalan <gunasekaran.k@object-frontier.com>; Mani Bharathy Chellapandian <mani.chellapandian@object-frontier.com>; Kaviraj Senthilkumar <kaviraj.senthil@object-frontier.com>; Karthikeyan Kandasamy <karthikeyan.k@object-frontier.com>; Vinoth Ari <vinoth.ari@object-frontier.com>
Subject: RE: Sample Java & Angular profile

 

Following are the rounds @ TagIT :

 

Level 1 & Level 2 – Technical

Level 3 – Managerial Technical

Level 4 – Project discussion

 

 

And, some of the questions asked at TagIT :

Just focus on those mentioned in your skillset.

 

Angular

1. Life Cycles of Angular?

2. About native angular Directives?

3. How can you identify custom directive which can be a tag or comment or class or attribute?

4. How to communicate from one controller to the other ?

5. What is lazy Loading?

 

Level 1: Usual HR discussion, Introduce yourself

          Level 2 : Introduce Yourself. 

                       How long you are working in angular 4

                       How you are handling the responsiveness

                       Explain about Build Process

                       Explain Spring modules

                       HQL

                       Typescript vs Javascript

                       Jenkins

                       Bamboo & Build Scripts

                       Design Patterns

                       Rest APIs

                       Automation Testing

                       Jmeter

          Level 3: Introduce Yourself

                      Short Term Goal

                       Explain about your existing Project Module wise

                       Java Vs Javascript

                       Solving Protractor unit test case program

                       Based on Agile [backlog refinement, grooming session and sprint planning ]

                       Project Delivery based question

 

 

Round 1: HTML - How do you create new tags .
JavaScript - What is input tag.
Angular - Features of Angular.
What is Angular
Working experience in Angular
Controller

2nd Round :

Coding for Group of Samples.  

                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                      3 Rounds - HTML - What is Mata tab , How do you use response framework , What is attributes , difference between JavaScript and jQuery , Basics in angular , What is Angular, How do you differentiate Angular1 and 2 , Understanding about the banking process, Project experience

Self Intro , Experience in Mobile Application, What are the difference between UI and UX, application working experience , Android slides , How  many images you give to developers for screen UI , how you position icons, how many icons required for Single Window , Difference between Android and IOS how do you decide screen size, domain experience.what is the size of display for different systems, how much pixels, draw wireframe tool , draw baking app,

What is Spring , spring - modules , dependence injection, how far able to connect spring with hibernate , What is Hibernate , What are the sessions in Hibernate, Project roles and responsibilities.Explain about Concurrent actioner , How asp internally work as a servlet , Explain about spring IOC, Struts flow actions, servlets ,Hibernate - one to many relations, spring dependency injection , single term objects in spring  jsp array parameters

1 Round - (Duration : 20 Minutes) – What are the Frameworks used in project  , Array - How you spotlight first character of array , How you Sort out Numbers using Array , Page object model,

2 Rounds(1st Round - 20 Min - 2nd Round -  10 Min )- ( Write Script for Hyperlink and button , Functional Integration for Banking App , What is regression Test , Array , Framework , What de bug error , What are the frameworks used in projects

3 Rounds - ( Scenario in Selenium – A webpage given with 3 Advertisements , Write Logic for webpage , What is Test NG framework , Manual Testing , How do you Reversing the text , Identify first largest Number and Second largest Number in the given test, Manual – What is Value Boundary Analysis , Logical in Testing, How do you write test cases in Selenium , What are the frameworks used in projects.

 

 

Topics to be covered:

1. Passing data between components using Input() and Output() aka Event Emitter. Difference between property, event binding and two way binding.

2. Making Http calls with Angular HTTP client and RxJS Observables.

3. Routing concepts including AuthGuard (canActivate), RouteGaurd (canDeactivate) and Lazy Loading (loadChildren).

4. Forms: Both Template driven and Reactive forms.

5. Change detection Implementation in a component (using OnChange, SimpleChanges).

6. Lifecycle hooks (OnInit, OnDestroy, OnChange, etc.).

7. Pipes (transform()).

8. Directives concepts such as @HostListener(), @HostBinding().

9. RxJS concepts such as Observable, Subject, Subscription, subscribe(), unsubscribe()

 

 

Tasks have been given before:

1. HTTP calls (GET and POST) using observables

2. Data binding (using *ngIf and *ngFor)

3. Implementing Routes (including the usage of Route Params)

4. Setting up Angular Project using Yarn as package manager

 

 

1.Can you Introduce about yourself?

2.What are the new features in HTML5?

3.What is difference between Local Storage and Session storage?

4.Have you worked with any features based on jQuery?

5.Write the function for autocomplete search(logic part)?

6.Have you worked with PSD to HTML5 convertion?

7.What are the features of angular2 you worked with?

8.And finally, any question for us?

-          About project

Core Java

-          What is the diff b/n statics and instant variable

-          What is abstract class

-          What is diff b/n abstract class and Enterprise and provide some real time example

-          What is encapsulation, real time example

-          What are the levels of object lock

-          How to avoid deadlock

-          What is the diff b/n list and set

-          What is diff b/n Hash map and Hash table

-          What is diff b/n list and hash map

-          What is diff b/n string buffer and string builder

-          What is string constant pool memory

-          What is the diff b/n pool memory and Heat memory

-          Diff b/n comparator and comparable

-          What is diff b/n throw and throws

-          What is diff b/n equals and Hash code, and purpose of these two things

-          What is Oops and collection

JSP & Servlet

-          What are all the implicit objects of JSP

-          What is JSP tags

-          What is the diff b/n expression tag and script let

-          Why do we need out implicit object

-          Life cycle of servlets

-          What is diff b/n forward and includes

-          What is sendredirect

-          What is request dispatcher

-          How to forward controller to another jsp or servlet

Spring

-          Version in spring

-          What are all the annotations

-          What are the qualifier annotations

-          What is IOC

-          What is auto wiring

Hibernate

-          Version of hibernate

-          What is diff b/n load and get method

-          What is lazy loading

-          What is diff b/n merge and update method

-          What are the relationship in hibernate

UI Technology

-          Javascript and angular js

SQL

-          Display the maximum salary of employee in department wise

-          Write a query to find the Second highest salary

-          What is diff b/n procedure and function

-          Why do need to go for procedure

HTML/CSS -

1. Features of HTML5 and CSS3.

2. Display Properties available in CSS

3. Flex-box

ANGULAR 2

1. Decorators in Angular2

2. How to use Event emitters

3. Metadata for ngModule

4. How to pass data from one component to the other.

 

 

 

 

1    Write & explain a program for palindrome in java?

2    Write a explain program for reverse the string?

3    Write a program for OverLoading & OverRiding for Java?

4    Inheritance details in Java?

5   abstract vs Interface?

6    OOPs concepts in java?

7    String Classes Details in java?

8    Static Key word in java & real time example which you used in your project?

9    What is Final keyword, and uses of final keyword in java?

10    How many locators available in Selenium Webdriver?

11    explain Absolute & Relative Xpaths in Selenium with real time examples?

12    Given a scenario to find xpath for that?

13    Write a Test scenario and cases for following functionality?

 - Business user want to see the transaction using start & end data or merchants list!"

14    How you work under heavy tasks, which need to be completed with in your sprint timing?

15    What are the Testing, that you will do in your project?

16    How will you convert test cases into test scripts in automation?

17    Explain about framework, which you used in your projects?

18    How will you get test data from excel sheet in details ?

19    explain POM framework details?

20    Write a code to access the web page and login with valid credentials in Selenium?

21    How to get automation Test Report in your project?

22    TestNG details ?

23    Drop down & window handling in Selenium?

24    Alerts handling in Selenium?

25    pop ups handling in Selenium?

26    What purpose you ll  go for Automation in you project?

1. In outlook write negative test cases for Saved Drafts folder

2. Given One Scenario How many Test cases you can write by using  testing techniques?

3. severity & Priority with example?

4. how to prepare Test Summary Report?

5. Write a Negative Test Cases for following functionality?

Business user want to see the transaction using start & end data or merchants list!"

6. Write & explain a program for number palindrome in java with logic?

7. Write a program for Over Loading & Overriding in Java and where you have used in your project?

8. All Oops concepts in java? What are oops concepts that you have used in your project?

9. Given one scenario on interface?

10. what is final Keyword & Where we can use it?

11. Static Key word in java & real time example which you used in your project?

12. what is the process that you fallowed for automation

13. How many Locators in selenium?

14. What is absolute & Relative xpath?

15. Given One scenario to write a dynamic relative xpath?

16. Given One web table to get particular text from it?

17. Get the Data from excel?

18. Get the data from data base?

19. Architecture for POM Framework?

20. How you get the reports?

21. Test NG annotations?

22. How you do cross browser testing using Grid?

         23. How you will integrate Jenkins with your scripts?

 

 

 

1.Covariant in java

2.difference between rest and soap.

3.difference between get and load in hibernate.

4.Difference between Webserver and application server?Tomcat is which version either application/web based server ?

5.Lazy loading and how to prevent lazy loading in hibernate

6.Lazy loading and Eager loading in hibernate

7.What is Dialect in hibernate and why it is used?

8.Why hibernate is used rather than JDBC ?

9.Can we extend string Class with other class ?

10.Criteria and restriction in hibernate.

11.Jboss folder structure and which file to be changed for datasource configuration.

12.What is Sprint retrospective meeting ?

13.Previous project workflow.

14.role and Responsibilities.

15.How to use JIRA,how we can change status of user story in jira ?

16.Difference between Application context and Bean factory.

17.Java 1.6 features

18.Previous project functionalities and flow .

 

 

Will My SQL support trigger

What is Unit test

What is Pair programming

Difference between Php 4 php 5

How Php and HTML interact

Node js

What is closure.

What is prototype js

Design pattern in mvc

Writing clean code experience.

1) Types of dependency injection (Spring).

2) Collections in java.

3) Difference between ArrayList and vector.

4) About java spring.

5) How many null values are allowed in hashmap .

6) HashMap and HashSet.

why Angular

Service, Pipes

Http Interceptors

Use of express

mysql vs mongodb

how to upload multiple files from angular to node and store in server(whole logic)

npm packages used

how to connect node to mongodb

how to get nearest location using mongodb

how to find person who receive second largest salary

how to get value of field based on className

what is callback hell and how to resolve it

Angular cli

how to resolve SEO issue in Angular

pass data from parent to child compoenent and pass data from child to parent compoenent

authentication mechanism for Angular

how to generate token

observable vs promise

lifecycle hooks in Angular

how app works behind the scene

 

 

Core Java

 

1. Abstract Class

Explanation and In-depth he will ask.

Object Can be Created or not

2. Interface

Explanation and In-depth he will ask.

3. HashMap and Hashtable

Explanation with diagram

4. JSP Object

5. Servlet Context and Servlet Config

6. Spring Core

7. IOC Container

8. Difference Between Bean factory and Application Context

 

 

2nd Round

He will ask us to write the Java Code of your choice.

He will test weather we have worked on these frameworks or not

 

3rd Round -- Manager Round

 

The Projects we did, Difficulties we faced in java Many from your resume only.

 

 

From: Hameed Hanif [mailto:hameed.hanif@object-frontier.com]
Sent: Monday, April 01, 2019 3:25 PM
To: Arvindhakrishna Krishnasamy <arvindhakrishna.k@object-frontier.com>; Karthik Narayanasamy <karthik.n@object-frontier.com>; Narayanan Mani <narayanan.mani@object-frontier.com>; Gunasekaran Karikalan <gunasekaran.k@object-frontier.com>; Mani Bharathy Chellapandian <mani.chellapandian@object-frontier.com>; Kaviraj Senthilkumar <kaviraj.senthil@object-frontier.com>; Karthikeyan Kandasamy <karthikeyan.k@object-frontier.com>; Vinoth Ari <vinoth.ari@object-frontier.com>
Subject: RE: Sample Java & Angular profile

 

Kindly brush up on the technologies that I mentioned below, based on which your profile was prepared.

I will meet you all today to discuss on presentation.

 

 

 

 

From: Hameed Hanif [mailto:hameed.hanif@object-frontier.com]
Sent: Monday, April 01, 2019 2:28 PM
To: Arvindhakrishna Krishnasamy <arvindhakrishna.k@object-frontier.com>; Karthik Narayanasamy <karthik.n@object-frontier.com>; Narayanan Mani <narayanan.mani@object-frontier.com>; Gunasekaran Karikalan <gunasekaran.k@object-frontier.com>; Mani Bharathy Chellapandian <mani.chellapandian@object-frontier.com>; Kaviraj Senthilkumar <kaviraj.senthil@object-frontier.com>; Karthikeyan Kandasamy <karthikeyan.k@object-frontier.com>; Vinoth Ari <vinoth.ari@object-frontier.com>
Subject: FW: Sample Java & Angular profile

 

PFB the information you might require for your interview.

I will meet you all at 3PM.

 

From: Hameed Hanif [mailto:hameed.hanif@object-frontier.com]
Sent: Monday, April 01, 2019 2:27 PM
To: 'Divya shankar' <divya.shankar@object-frontier.com>
Cc: 'Praveen Muthu' <praveen.muthu@object-frontier.com>; 'Yazhisaiventhan Purushothaman' <yazhisaiventhan.purushothaman@objectfrontier.com>
Subject: RE: Sample Java & Angular profile

 
·         Recent Projects:

Project Description
	

Environment

L & D

This project was to develop an online training portal thru which employees of the organization can train on technologies. Also, it features a technical forum section where resources can raise a query which are maintained as threads. Roles involved are Trainee, Trainer, Evaluator, Coordinator, RMO, Admin and Management, where one person could have multiple roles. Session booking, Evaluator appointments, Online test, Evaluation, Dashboard and certification are some of the features
	

Core Java, Spring Boot, Spring JPA, Hibernate, Gradle, TestNG, Mockito

 

Angular, Typescript, HTML5, CSS3, Karma, Jasmine

 

MySQL

Vault

This internal project is to develop a portal that can maintain Organizational technical & quality assets. An owner is established for each stream of technology, who maintains the best practices, quality checks and other technical documentation for his stream. He also maintains a code base for his stream. Also, the portal holds all the POC with relevant tags, which later ensures efficient searching to be applied in projects.
	

Core Java, Spring JPA, Hibernate, Gradle, TestNG, Mockito

 

Angular, Typescript, HTML5, CSS3, Karma, Jasmine

 

MySQL

 

 

From: Hameed Hanif [mailto:hameed.hanif@object-frontier.com]
Sent: Monday, April 01, 2019 2:16 PM
To: 'Divya shankar' <divya.shankar@object-frontier.com>
Cc: 'Praveen Muthu' <praveen.muthu@object-frontier.com>; 'Yazhisaiventhan Purushothaman' <yazhisaiventhan.purushothaman@objectfrontier.com>
Subject: RE: Sample Java & Angular profile

 

Please find the details below. I will share the project details in some time.

 

Java :

Experience

§  Software Engineer with 1.10 years of experience in IT Industry.

§  Experience in analysis, design, development and implementation of Java Technologies in projects.

§  Experience in development of enterprise applications using Core Java, Spring Boot, Spring MVC, Hibernate & MySQL.

§  Experience in Object Oriented Development OOP/OOD.

§  Building and deploying systems using Maven & Gradle.

§  Experience in extensive functional grooming.

§  Preparing functional and detailed design specifications and basic functional design documents.

§  Proficient in writing test cases and performing verification, validation and unit testing.

§  Experienced in developing, documenting and enforcing guidelines for application development to ensure high standards for usability, quality and user experience.

§  Self-motivated professional with good communication and team player skills.

 

Angular :

Experience

§  Software Engineer with 1.10 years of experience in IT industry.

§  Experience developing user Interface applications and professional web applications using Angular 6.

§  Experience in consuming RESTful Web Services and implementing API's.

§  Experience in developing web applications with Responsive design.

§  Building and deploying systems using Webpack & NPM.

§  Experience in extensive functional grooming highly focused on valuable user experience.

§  Proficient in writing test cases and performing verification, validation and unit testing.

§  Experienced in developing, documenting and enforcing guidelines for application development to ensure high standards for usability, quality and user experience.

§  Self-motivated professional with good communication and team player skills.

 

 

Java & Angular
Professional Experience:

Organization
	

Position
	

Duration

From
	

To

Object Frontier Software
	

Software Engineer
	

Jun 2019
	

Present

 

 

Java:

 

Key Responsibilities:

§  Groom functional stories with product owner

§  Prepare implementation plan with team

§  Prepare WBS

§  Implement use cases and rectify issues

§  Perform code analysis, clean up, code migration and UI refactoring

§  Perform unit testing and issue fixing

§  Ensure the performance & quality of application

§  Involve in technical decision making

 

Angular

 

Key Responsibilities:

§  Groom functional stories with product owner

§  Prepare implementation plan with team

§  Prepare WBS

§  Implement use cases and rectify issues

§  Perform code analysis, clean up, code migration and UI refactoring

§  Perform unit testing and issue fixing

§  Develop reusable UI components

§   Integrate web services using JSON

§   Design and develop prototypes

§  Ensure the performance, quality & responsiveness of application

§  Involve in technical decision making

§  Perform client-side validation

 

 

 

 

 

 

From: Hameed Hanif [mailto:hameed.hanif@object-frontier.com]
Sent: Monday, April 01, 2019 1:24 PM
To: 'Divya shankar' <divya.shankar@object-frontier.com>
Cc: 'Praveen Muthu' <praveen.muthu@object-frontier.com>; 'Yazhisaiventhan Purushothaman' <yazhisaiventhan.purushothaman@objectfrontier.com>
Subject: RE: Sample Java & Angular profile

 

Please find below the technical stack.

I am also drafting the project details. Will soon share.

 

Java Skill Stack:

Language : Java, Javascript

Frameworks : Spring Boot, Spring JPA, Hibernate

Database : MySQL

Build tools : Gradle, Maven

Web Technologies : HTML 5, CSS 3
Unit Testing : TestNG, Junit, Mockito

VCS:GIT

Project Management Tools: Jira, Gitlab, Trello

API Documentation : Swagger

 

 

Angular Skill Stack :

Language : Javascript, Typescript, Java

Frameworks : Angular 6

Database : MySQL

Build tools : Webpack, NPM

Web Technologies : HTML 5, CSS 3

Unit Testing : Karma, Jasmine

VCS:GIT

Project Management Tools: Jira, Gitlab, Trello

 

 

From: Divya shankar [mailto:divya.shankar@object-frontier.com]
Sent: Monday, April 01, 2019 1:09 PM
To: 'Hameed Hanif' <hameed.hanif@object-frontier.com>
Cc: 'Praveen Muthu' <praveen.muthu@object-frontier.com>; 'Yazhisaiventhan Purushothaman' <yazhisaiventhan.purushothaman@objectfrontier.com>
Subject: Sample Java & Angular profile

 

Hi Hameed,

 

PFa the sample and Java profile

 

Regards,

Divya

 


Disclaimer : http://www.objectfrontier.com/maildisclaimer.html

Disclaimer : http://www.objectfrontier.com/maildisclaimer.html
